all right you win let's cut a deal hope
springs eternal for you doesn't it
everything is negotiable everything this
is the famous star of aldara the most
valuable gem in the galaxy all the
rounds royal family would pay a fortune
to get this gem back let me go and it's
yours do I look that gullible to you you
can't blame a guy for trying
take the gem anyway I exist come to
Daddy
it's dinnertime come on your hook a junk
last I knew there wasn't enough power to
take off end of the line Tiresias you
are the toughest most persistent bounty
hunter I have ever met I only have one
thing left to say give me a job
spare my life and how dedicated to
working for you how's that sound
why in the galaxy would I ever believe
you Tiresias I'm tired of running my
fortunes gone but I'm still hunted I
want tiresias loci dead as much as
anyone what if I told you there's a
duplicate of yours truly a replica
identical in all respects even a bioscan
couldn't tell the difference I made a
copy of yourself one was bad enough i
duplicate his already dead frozen in
carbonite just pretend he's me once I'm
declared dead I'll put my legendary
skills savvy and contacts at your
disposal
imagine what we could accomplish I see a
lot of trouble in my future if I keep
you around trouble is just another word
for opportunity and that leads to profit
I hate to say it but having him on our
team might be useful I swear I'll never
run I'm safer as your servant than as a
fugitive even if I did escape you just
find me again honestly who wants to have
this conversation twice this is so crazy
it just might work
crazy successful bounty hunter
I guarantee it there's my duplicate
should only take a few moments to fill
him out
we need to make it look convincing
couple of blaster shots should sell it
you want to do the honors right between
the eyes
oh my stars
I'm glad we decided to work together let
me collect my gear and we can be on our
way so I'll need a new name after all
tiresias loci is dead and what do you
think of the name Galt Renault has a
nice ring to it it's not bad
kind of catchy yes a fine name for an
exciting new life
why don't you and Gault spend a little
time getting to know each other I'll see
you two back at the ship Lina and my
fearsome friend Galt is ready for action